## commandDoc.py Documentation

_This class is designed to generate a command output report.   
It writes two files, the first is another text file that is generated with the purpose of both eliminating extra blank lines, but to also append executable file names to a previous record to which it applies. This is the Command_Output.xxx ascii file.  Then commandDoc.py creates the Command.md file. This time it reads in each line and breaks it into 4 fields and creates a table complete with headings. 

> As of this writing each record starts a list: `column = ["test0", "test1", "text2", "text3", "text4"]` this was done as a placeholder while troubleshooting, this code is currently still in place and can be seen whenever there is a line that does *not* have four strings separated by a space. 
>
> Also, because the program name is discovered when the script uses the character `'['` and appends the to an earlier string, there are sections where the program names may be skipped, and other places the name is in the wrong column. _

### Import 
* mdutils
    * Dave Fuller - For creating Markdown files I used a python package called mdutils. I wrote python scripts that would read acsii text files generated by other scripts/programs line by line, then create a formatted .md file line by line.
For more information on the mdutils package: https://pypi.org/project/mdutils/
* Html
* datetime

### formattext method
* This method opens the temp and text files and formats the report with labels and empty data. Then the report is populated with data.

