## Markdown Script Generators

##  mdutils library

​	For creating Markdown files I used a python package called mdutils. I wrote python scripts that would read acsii text files generated by other scripts/programs line by line, then create a formatted .md file line by line.

For more information on the mdutils package: https://pypi.org/project/mdutils/

## portDoc.py

​	is a very simple script that reads in each line and then writes it to the Port_Details.md file, while looking for the string: `'-> IPv'` those lines are written in **bold**.

## commandDoc.py 

​	writes two files, the first is another text file that is generated with the purpose of both eliminating extra blank lines, but to also append executable file names to a previous record to which it applies. This is the Command_Output.xxx ascii file.  Then commandDoc.py creates the Command.md file. This time it reads in each line and breaks it into 4 fields and creates a table complete with headings. 

> As of this writing each record starts a list: `column = ["test0", "test1", "text2", "text3", "text4"]` this was done as a placeholder while troubleshooting, this code is currently still in place and can be seen whenever there is a line that does *not* have four strings separated by a space. 
>
> Also, because the program name is discovered when the script uses the character `'['` and appends the to an earlier string, there are sections where the program names may be skipped, and other places the name is in the wrong column. 